early morning on the shores of the bay
of bengal in southern india
these fishermen have some fierce
neighbors
set back from the beach under the trees
is an extraordinary refuge the Madras
crocodile Bank jaws we have to do I kind
of worry about it because there's such a
little space father-and-son team wrong a
Nikhil Whittaker are out troubleshooting
it's the dry season and as usual there
are lots of problems to solve
it's about as low as I've seen it you
know this plot time in March and I think
dredges got a start now croc Bank is the
biggest sanctuary of its kind in India
spread over eight acres it houses over
3,000 crocodiles it's 25 pens are packed
with Crocs of all ages young crocodiles
are kept apart in the nursery they need
hands-on attention even if it's not
appreciated crocodiles aren't everyone's
favorite animal but ROM has always been
strangely drawn to them I'm not sure how
it started but it started very young
that I was collecting snakes and little
lizards and stuff and almost grew with
me and it's just an endless fascination
which is kind of hard to explain
Roma's born in New York but grew up in
in the late 60s he decided to return
there to study reptiles his exploits
have made him a legendary figure well I
was raised in southern India so it's
perfectly natural for me as far as I'm
concerned to settle here and it has all
the elements that I love the warm
weather and plenty of reptiles good
people good hot food at that time all
three species of Indian crocodile were
close to extinction in the early 1970s I
cared at some of the first surveys of
crocodiles in India in the few wild
habitats that were left and things look
much more serious than was believed I
mean we were down to probably 200 or
less Dario the long-snouted fish eating
crocodile we were down to just a few
hundred saltwater crocodiles and the
mother which was still the most
prevalent animal was probably down to a
couple of thousand animals in the entire
subcontinent ron was determined not to
let the crocodiles disappear he decided
to set up a sanctuary and try to get
them to breed his efforts paid off
immediately starting out with only 12
crocodiles he now has over 3,000 hungry
mouths to feed